Better Configuration for Postprocessing Service (#5457)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/postprocessing-config.md

Enhancement: Better config for postprocessing service

> We want postprocessing service to be individually configurable. We achieve this by allowing to define a list of postprocessing steps with the `POSTPROCESSING_STEPS` envvar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The postporcessing service is now individually configurable. This is achieved by allowing a list of postprocessing steps that are processed in order of their appearance in the `POSTPROCESSING_STEPS` envvar.
```
